README.md, before:

# Sort Images with Hazel
 Exiftool combined with Hazel gives you the ability to work with the internal dates contained in a photograph's metadata. After a bit of trial and error, I was able to take an Exiftool example and modify it to do what I needed.

 The sample script from the Hazel forum uses ExifTool to rename photos.

```
exiftool -P -d '%Y%m%d' \
   '-filename<${FileModifyDate;}.%e' \
        '-filename<${GPSDateTime;}.%e' \
        '-filename<${MediaCreateDate;}.%e' \
        '-filename<${ModifyDate;}.%e' \
        '-filename<${DateTimeOriginal;}.%e' \
        "$1"
```

This applies one of several metadata dates as the new name for each photo.
The format is YearMonthDay.Extension
What I needed was to sort the photos into dated folders as below.
    2020
        01-Jan
        02-Feb
        03-Mar
        04-Apr
        05-May
        ...
    2021
        01-Jan
        02-Feb

So, I took the example and after a bit of trial and error, I came up with a working solution. If you compare the example above and my finished script, you should be able to develop your own sorting script. Or you can use it as is.

Commit message:

Bash script using Exiftool
This is the simple Bash script that will manually accomplish the same thing that Hazel does automatically.

README.md, after:

# Sort Images with Hazel
 Exiftool combined with Hazel gives you the ability to work with the internal dates contained in a photograph's metadata. After a bit of trial and error, I was able to take an Exiftool example and modify it to do what I needed.

 ### The sample script from the Hazel forum uses ExifTool to rename photos.

```
exiftool -P -d '%Y%m%d' \
   '-filename<${FileModifyDate;}.%e' \
        '-filename<${GPSDateTime;}.%e' \
        '-filename<${MediaCreateDate;}.%e' \
        '-filename<${ModifyDate;}.%e' \
        '-filename<${DateTimeOriginal;}.%e' \
        "$1"
```

This applies one of several metadata dates as the new name for each photo.
The format is YearMonthDay.Extension

What I needed was to sort the photos into dated folders as below.
    2020
        01-Jan
        02-Feb
        03-Mar
        04-Apr
        05-May
        ...
    2021
        01-Jan
        02-Feb

So, I took the example and after a bit of trial and error, I came up with a working solution. If you compare the example above and my finished script, you should be able to develop your own sorting script. Or you can use it as is.

>There's also bash script that will do the same thing as the Hazel script, but requires a bit more setup.
